So, now that we are done with the theoretical part, let's see how can we traverse a tree using Pre-Order Traversal in Python.

Again, to recap, Preorder traversal is defined as a type of tree traversal that follows the Root-Left-Right policy where:

 - The root node of the subtree is visited first.
 - Then the left subtree  is traversed.
 - At last, the right subtree is traversed.

As we saw in the examples before, for each subtree, we have to apply the same algorithm. If that subtree further has more subtrees, then on them as well, we apply the same algorithm of "ROOT -> LEFT -> RIGHT".

So, we are recursively calling the same algorithm for the subtrees until we have not completely traversed them.

The recursive code for Pre-Order Traversal is very simple.

Let's say we just want to print the values. We will write a Recursive method like this - 

    def dfs(self, root):
        
        # Base case
        if not root: return
            
        # Print the root node's value
        print(root.val)
            
        # Traverse the left subtree
        self.dfs(root.left)
            
        # Traverse the right subtree
        self.dfs(root.right)

So, we first print the root node, and then we traverse the left subtree by making a recursive call, and then we traverse the right subtree by making a recursive call.

Time Complexity -> O(N), where "N" is the number of nodes.
Auxiliary Space: 
 - O(1) if no recursion stack space is considered. 
 - Otherwise, O(h) where h is the height of the tree
 - In the worst case, h can be the same as N (when the tree is a skewed tree)
 - In the best case, h can be the same as logN (when the tree is a complete tree)
  
# USES OF PRE-ORDER TRAVERSAL

 - This is often used for creating a copy of a tree.
 - It is also useful to get the prefix expression from an expression tree.