In-order traversal is defined as a type of tree traversal that follows the Left-Root-Right policy where:

 - The left subtree is traversed first.
 - Then the root node of the subtree is visited.
 - At last, the right subtree is traversed.

The recursive code for In-Order Traversal is exactly the same as Pre-Order traversal with just one change. While in Pre-Order traversal we print the root node's value and then traverse the left subtree, in the In-Order traversal, we first traverse the left subtree and then print the root node's value.

Let's say we just want to print the values. We will write a Recursive method like this - 

    def dfs(self, root):
        
        # Base case
        if not root: return
            
        # Traverse the left subtree
        self.dfs(root.left)

        # Print the root node's value
        print(root.val)
            
        # Traverse the right subtree
        self.dfs(root.right)

So, we first traverse the left subtree by making a recursive call, then we print the root node's value, and then we traverse the right subtree by making a recursive call.

Time Complexity -> O(N), where "N" is the number of nodes.
Auxiliary Space: 
 - O(1) if no recursion stack space is considered. 
 - Otherwise, O(h) where h is the height of the tree
 - In the worst case, h can be the same as N (when the tree is a skewed tree)
 - In the best case, h can be the same as logN (when the tree is a complete tree)
  
# USES OF PRE-ORDER TRAVERSAL


 - In the case of BST (Binary Search Tree), if any time there is a need to get the nodes in non-decreasing order, the best way is to implement an inorder traversal.