We have already seen how to do Pre-Order Tree Traversal using Recursion in Python.

But, we can also do it Iteratively. For that, we will need a "Stack" data structure, which is a Last In First Out (LIFO) data structure.

As we know, "Pre-Order" traversal follow as "Root Left Right" approach.

Initially, we will push the "root" node into the stack. Then, this is the algorithm we will follow - 

 1. Print the value of the node on top of the stack
 2. Push the right child in the stack
 3. Push the left child in the stack
 4. Repeat the steps till the stack is not empty

You might be thinking, why are we pushing the "right" child before the "left" child in the stack? Well, that's because a stack is a "LIFO" data structure. So, we know that after we are done with the root, we want to then visit the left node. So, if we first push "left" into the stack and then "right", in the next iteration, we will be visiting the "right" node since that's on top of the stack, which is wrong!

So the bottom-line is, always put the node on the very top of stack that we want to visit next. Since "Pre-Order" traversal follows "ROOT LEFT RIGHT" approach, it means after ROOT, we want to visit "LEFT" and hence, "LEFT" should be on top of the stack.

Here is the code - 

    def preorderTraversal(root):

            # A Stack. Initialize it with the root node
            stack = [root]
            
            # While the stack is not empty
            while stack:
                
                # Take the top of the stack and print its value
                top = stack.pop()
                print(top.val)
                
                # Now, push the "right" child of the top node into the stack (if it exists)
                if top.right: stack.append(top.right)
                
                # And finally, push the "left" child of the top node into the stack (if it exists)
                if top.left: stack.append(top.left)