We have already seen how to do In-Order Tree Traversal using Recursion in Python.

But, we can also do it Iteratively. For that, we will need a "Stack" data structure, which is a Last In First Out (LIFO) data structure.

As we know, "In-Order" traversal follow as "Left Root Right" approach.

An easy way to write an Iterative code if we know the Recursive approach is to just follow the same order as in the Recursive approach.

We know that in case of Recursive solution for "In-Order" traversal, this is what we did - 

    1. Keep traversing the the left child till there is no longer a left child
    2. Print the node's value
    3. Traverse the right child and repeat the above process

We will do the same in Iterative approach.

We will keep track of the current node. Initially, the current node is "root" node.

So, in each iteration, we will take all the left children (node.left) and put them in the stack until we reach the last node which has no left child. So at one point, node will be "None"

And once we reach that point, before we remove it, we will put its right child in the stack if it exists.

And then, we will pop the top of the stack and print its value.

And this process goes on till stack is not empty.


Here is the code - 

    def inorderTraversal(root):
        
        # Output list to return
        output = []
        
        # If root node is empty, return []
        if not root: return output
        
        # Stack
        stack = []
        
        # To keep track of current node
        node = root
        
        # While the stack is not empty
        while True:
            
            # Take the current node and keep going on left side
            while node:
                stack.append(node)
                node = node.left
                
            # If stack is empty, then it means we have traversed all the nodes
            if not stack: break
                
            # If the node on top of stack has a right child, update "node"
            if stack and stack[-1].right: node = stack[-1].right
                
            # Pop the top and push the value to the output list
            top = stack.pop()
            output.append(top.val)
            
        # Finally, return the output list
        return output


You might think that we can just use "root" variable to keep track of current node instead of having a separate variable "node". But, that is not a recommended practice because we will lose track of the root node and sometimes, we might want to get the root node for some further computation. 

In interviews or real prod environments, the modification of the input data structure is not recommended.